c:\users\martin\downloads\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\martin\downloads\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\martin\downloads\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\martin\downloads\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\martin\downloads\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\martin\downloads\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\martin\downloads\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\martin\downloads\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\martin\downloads\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\martin\downloads\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\martin\downloads\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\martin\downloads\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Model.dll
c:\users\martin\downloads\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfCustomControlLibrary1.dll
c:\users\martin\downloads\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
c:\users\martin\downloads\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfCustomControlLibrary1.pdb
c:\users\martin\downloads\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\martin\downloads\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\martin\Downloads\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1 - Kopie\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
C:\Users\martin\Downloads\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1 - Kopie\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\martin\Downloads\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1 - Kopie\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
C:\Users\martin\Downloads\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1 - Kopie\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\martin\Downloads\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1 - Kopie\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfCustomControlLibrary1.dll
C:\Users\martin\Downloads\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1 - Kopie\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfCustomControlLibrary1.pdb
C:\Users\martin\Downloads\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1 - Kopie\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\martin\Downloads\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1 - Kopie\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\martin\Downloads\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1 - Kopie\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\martin\Downloads\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1 - Kopie\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\martin\Downloads\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1 - Kopie\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\martin\Downloads\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1 - Kopie\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
C:\Users\martin\Downloads\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1 - Kopie\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\martin\Downloads\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1 - Kopie\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\martin\Downloads\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1 - Kopie\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
